docs(onboarding): mention `onboardingRebaseCheckbox` (#31888)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/installing-onboarding.md

![Onboarding PR from Renovate](../assets/images/onboarding.png){ loading=lazy }

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note

>     For self-hosted users who want to add the rebase/retry checkbox to their onboarding PRs, they need to enable [onboardingRebaseCheckbox](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-configuration/#onboardingrebasecheckbox) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you self-host Renovate, and want to add the rebase/retry checkbox to Renovate's onboarding PRs: enable the [`onboardingRebaseCheckbox` config option](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-configuration/#onboardingrebasecheckbox) first.
```

>     If you self-host Renovate, and want to add the rebase/retry checkbox to Renovate's onboarding PRs: enable the [`onboardingRebaseCheckbox` config option](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-configuration/#onboardingrebasecheckbox) first.

Reviewer: I think we want a relative link here? Right now we're linking to the docs domain (`https://docs.renovatebot.com`).

I always mess up the links, so I'll let a maintainer suggest the correct link. 🙃
